docs: add `secai` (#3)
antfu/iroiro: README.md

> Color data cited: *The Traditional Colors of Japan*. PIE BOOKS, 2007.

## Related

> ###[secai](https://github.com/Jungzl/secai) - 中国色彩, aka iroiro Chinese version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [secai](https://github.com/Jungzl/secai) - 中国色彩 Chinese colors version of `iroiro` by [Jungzl](https://github.com/Jungzl).
```
